Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Nicole. Okay. Can I hear you. Can you hear each other. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I can see you. I can hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you got cracks phone
Gwenevere Abriel: Like witching hour. Can you see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can turn if you as much as you can. The, the device that you're on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to get the volume as loud as you can.
With
Gwenevere Abriel: Your volume, because I can't hear too too well. And mine is jammed up loud, loud, loud.
Nicole Roybal: Can you hear me better now.
Gwenevere Abriel: my soulmate knows you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be just
Gwenevere Abriel: Phone Itself, see if we could do the side
Gwenevere Abriel: To bring it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just we'll just speak loudly and we'll take it from there. You look like you're in distress right now. Honey, are you okay
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I didn't think so. I'm
Nicole Roybal: Completely like I can't hear nothing out of my right ear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying that that could cause like
Gwenevere Abriel: Equilibrium. Are you feeling dizzy.
Nicole Roybal: Like super, super like lightheaded and dizzy Reed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I see it. Can I, can I see if Dr. Aubrey all can can talk with us. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't mean she's always free, but sometimes I can lock out and we can have have a physician kind of talk to you for a second. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, you're going through this, it's going to pass this isn't forever. Okay, I know this is uncomfortable. We'll get through this. Let me just see if she's free
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there might be
Gwenevere Abriel: What I do might not apply, but my kids don't get inner ear problems because I use a concoction of
Gwenevere Abriel: Rubbing
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it is it rubbing alcohol and and vinegar. Every time they ever took a bath or when the pool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I because they were going to have to have this little surgery on the baby. I'm like, I have no surgery, no baby so so then he didn't get those ear infections anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was magic. Yeah, I've been
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting books on in pretty much yeah let's yeah this was a rubbing alcohol and vinegar half and half. And we know more have and it got rid of it completely. All right, let me see if I can get a hold over here. Maybe I'll get lucky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, the weird thing is if I'm being
Nicole Roybal: Honest little weird but so I've been seeing Daniels past few days and the first night house here we have, like, kind of extreme sex.
Nicole Roybal: And that's when it
Nicole Roybal: happened after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Within
Nicole Roybal: Like the next morning, I was like, I can't hear nothing. I can't hear nothing and and I started feeling really woozy and I haven't really been able to eat, but I did yesterday I ate all day yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know what Extreme is for you. But there's, it seems like there might be some kind of correlation. Do you think it's like a logical. Do you think there was, you hit your head during intercourse.
Nicole Roybal: No, I
Nicole Roybal: Think I might have been pulled my nephew strange and maybe you have to just make here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. I like you're thinking, I like your detective work thinking okay
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Doc, I have Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and I just thought, if you happen to be free. Maybe you could meet with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's got a has an inner ear issue and it seems in distress. I thought if you happen to be for you could jump on
Gwenevere Abriel: See if maybe your
Gwenevere Abriel: Kitchen yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, she's on the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like she's in a zoom or a meeting with someone
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me open up a note here and maybe you know I'll write down some of the symptoms, you're describing, I'll be make it quicker. Hopefully, she'll be able to jump in. She just said, Oh, I can't talk right now so I figured, she's meeting with someone. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay well let's see if that opens up though.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we've got the right ear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you do have so
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have shoulder tension.
Nicole Roybal: No, not at all. Nothing else is wrong. This is my ear and the lightheadedness,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now any alcohol slip
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay. Good. Awesome. Let's celebrate that. That's fantastic.
Nicole Roybal: I wish it was, I don't know what the hell's wrong with me. I guess I don't lose that like, you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm Nicole you, if I'm not mistaken, you're continuing to go to schools you're cleaning
Gwenevere Abriel: Your living you know in a in a pretty probably you'll tell me a stressful environment with your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. They're not cleaning the way you'd like to. You guys don't have the same exact philosophies about things. So you're under stress. I know you guys are hard to believe this notion that it's connected that it does affect our body.
Gwenevere Abriel: We our body's responding in stress that
Nicole Roybal: I just don't see how it would make me go. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know. It's hard to believe, but it's a powerful thing our mind. Okay. I am so but let's just let's just kind of keep going to flow. And so you're saying the right year has been sore since since about what time
Nicole Roybal: Is four days.
Nicole Roybal: three nights three nights ago
Nicole Roybal: I think it was Wednesday night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we're thinking since Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said you had that
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of a camera how you refer something kind of sex was that on Wednesday. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Wednesday night. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And was it and maybe after
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Nicole Roybal: What did you say
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, was it immediately after
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you describe it onward, was it intense or rough. How did you describe it.
Nicole Roybal: So I don't know. We're just like I was on my back and I was just like really like like stretched back and just like yeah and I don't know if I like just like pulled a muscle on my neck, but nothing like hurt like nothing, nothing, nothing like gave me a signal that something was wrong.
Nicole Roybal: Right. And after we were done. I was like my ears ringing. Oh, that's weird. And then we just went to bed.
Nicole Roybal: And then the next morning you'll still ringing and blessing and also like something's wrong. And I like went like that to it and see if I could hear like pushed on it and I can't hear nothing out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's not sore. It's ringing and buzzing
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, it's not sore, it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Matter at
Nicole Roybal: All at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm sorry, I'm gonna take that out. Thank you for clarifying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. You're so so it was more like like that yeah arched okay and you think, maybe you're a bit out of shape that is exercise, you know,
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I know.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know that. And I guess like a few weeks ago with my brother, he got sick. He had Boston. The hearing in his ear.
Nicole Roybal: And that, but he wasn't taking care of himself. My mom kept trying and put this and take this medicine. He wasn't doing it. I do like I put vixen, take the medicine. She that she gives us and everything, but
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. I hadn't I hadn't he had he had been sick, though, and then his. He got the deafness in the air. I haven't been sick.
Nicole Roybal: I just came out of nowhere and he said it last of like a week and a half. And I'm like, I cannot go that long with his dizziness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's that like you're saying lightheaded and dizzy.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, like movie. Yeah, dizzy, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, when you stand. Does it feel like you're off balance.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's
Nicole Roybal: I think that's why I throw up because I like I get so dizzy. That makes me
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying, Are you saying that you are throwing up
Nicole Roybal: Here, not really here on there just like sometimes it'll hit me really bad lightheadedness will hit me really badly, and then I'll just, like, kind of just like all of a sudden need to throw up my head can't handle it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times have you thrown up in the last four days.
Nicole Roybal: Three.
Nicole Roybal: Usually just like in the morning I wake up and I'll be sitting here and I'll just be like all woozy as long as I'm laying down. I won't throw up.
Nicole Roybal: They've been laying down a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just how much marijuana you ingesting a day.
Nicole Roybal: Honestly, not as much as usual, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tell me how much so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Decreased but just how much
So,
Nicole Roybal: I guess I don't know cuz I usually smoke joints and smoking dabs over here looking. Laughs Okay I'm only thinking like
Nicole Roybal: To dabs watch today. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I'm like around like for one round like eight
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, don't see any connections to now Asha dizziness anytime without that behavior. Correct.
Nicole Roybal: No, that's I like I've been waiting till at least like four o'clock, maybe three at the earliest to see if maybe that's causing more dizziness, but not because I still haven't even smoke to date and it's horrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, um, talk to me about the last four days. If you're eating.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, so
Nicole Roybal: Wednesday night Thursday I did eat that day like for my breakfast bacon, eggs and potatoes. Oh, I didn't eat eggs, bacon and potatoes.
Nicole Roybal: And then, Virginia. I've made meat and potato tacos.
Nicole Roybal: And then the next day for breakfast. I made the same thing for breakfast. But I know the next day I felt so does yet commute and get up and eat much that I did all
Gwenevere Abriel: This was like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday or Friday Thursday or Friday.
Nicole Roybal: I think it was Thursday I didn't eat nothing else to do. The first day that this was happening and then Friday I finally was able to get up and cook but yeah Thursday I laid in bed all day didn't really eat much because I couldn't get up.
Nicole Roybal: And then Friday was what I was able to get up and cook a little bit, but I didn't really eat much just because yesterday. I didn't feel good in the morning. And then finally, I am took a shower and made myself get up. I make
Nicole Roybal: tortilla burgers. Okay. And I one of those with some fries.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I am noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not a nutritionist, but I'm not hearing a lot of fruits and vegetables you're eating a
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of grease in it. I don't have a judgment about Greece, but sometimes I'm, what I'm hearing from people that have things like
Gwenevere Abriel: Always it their pancreas. I forget which Oregon processes.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the grease.
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes it gives them abdominal pain, so you don't have any abdominal pain, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Just curious. But how come. How come you don't eat fruits and vegetables is that does that come from your family or you you don't know the value of them, or what's the deal there.
Nicole Roybal: But I like like like cantaloupe and honey you and stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so cantaloupe and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm sort of hinting at here are dark colored foods. In other words, a spinach is a dark color a kale is it, it is not a you need to hold on. This is not about your taste buds, Nicole.
So it's not about
Gwenevere Abriel: This is about your health. So just taking the information just let it in
Gwenevere Abriel: kale, spinach, collard greens, these are dark colors. Broccoli is a dark color.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you go over to the fruits and vegetables, fruits part a blackberry is a dark color a blueberries, a dark color. Notice that right
Gwenevere Abriel: The tricky raspberries, a dark color you go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm told about the strawberries, is that they're very absorbent of pesticides. So if you were ever to splurge on something.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was organic, it would be a strawberry. So maybe hold off on strawberry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I know this is you're not used to hearing about health who talks to you about health, nobody in your family talks to you about health. So I know this is not going to be welcomed information.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I just gotta say it because I'm only hearing bacon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honey, do I don't know anything about honey do, but I don't know that it has any nutritional value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what I'm getting at, like, I know it tastes good, the textures. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what if we're onto something. What if what you're eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know the science behind the gut and the brain biome, the more and more their understanding the fact that right. Where's the serotonin made in the gut.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's our happy hormone that's the one that makes us happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can stay in denial that that exists or we're denying science.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it, I would rather eat a bag of Doritos.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I look at what I like, I like orange slices. I like straight up just sugar is bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it gets all my teeth. It gives me all kinds of cavities.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, that's what I want to eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when I changed my philosophy about what this body is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm protecting it you're protecting it from a virus, why aren't you protecting and putting healthy things into it. I just, I know you've got a long way to go on these these things but I figured somebody's got to say it because nobody else. Who else is saying it to you.
Nicole Roybal: I know only you. Sorry, my head is just like
Gwenevere Abriel: throbbing and how hydrated, are you
Nicole Roybal: I'm hydrated.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. OK.
Nicole Roybal: I think a lot of water night and all day, all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, we'll just lay down and hold the phone off to the side. Just lay down
Nicole Roybal: What about like green beans are like the dark
Gwenevere Abriel: The dark race. I think those dark ones actually have some some value. I do think that's true beings, I think, beans, not bad, it's the, it's the leafy of the green the leaf Enos, that has the antioxidants in it that's what
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what he wants.
Is the antioxidants.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's in the leafy green iceberg has nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: Celery nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's literally. And so here's the thing, here's how you know when there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking about the cost of something, how cheapest bread but sheep is a low for Wonder Bread.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you go over to the fancy one that has the Steve's. I don't know what they're called. It's got those 4000 grains in it. They're like, whole grains, and it's like it's like eaten eaten raw week
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it because I like that guy. Like, I mean a nuts. But look at the price difference. This one's going to be, you know, a buck 50. This one's going to be like pushing for dollars.
Gwenevere Abriel: Iceberg lettuce is really cheap. There's
Reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kale is going to be more expensive.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to ask yourself, why is that
Nicole Roybal: Because the government wants overcharges to be healthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other way around it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I agree. I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to Washington on that one. I totally agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got nine o'clock. Okay, cool, cool, cool. We got 10
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm not gonna keep coming at you with this information, because I know it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not something you're quite ready to hear. But the more we hear it if we hear it and then we hear it. Then someone along the line, maybe you'll see something or hear something that you you believe has some credibility and maybe you'll say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: Y'all look at that.
Nicole Roybal: bugging me by saying it or nothing. I did. I have
Nicole Roybal: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so you just analyze something that's not accurate. Do you want to ask me a question.
Nicole Roybal: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not offended upset. No, this is you're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: To take in new information.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I want you to kind of get it nice and slow. So that you're not like oh so annoyed with hearing people talk about that. I don't want to do that.
Nicole Roybal: To you.
Nicole Roybal: Not irritated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, okay. That's okay. I thought
Gwenevere Abriel: So my audio is such that I say something and then I can hear it back at me. So that's a nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Amen. He's like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Overlapping you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just log out and come right back just you can lay there but just log out and come right back. Let's see if it snaps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check, check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think, no I looks like we're doing some psychotherapy, where will the psycho analysis for you're laying on the couch, you know, and I want you to think of your childhood. If I'm shooting a man, boy. Yo, Massa
Gwenevere Abriel: She nice did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you want to marry your father.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted you to hear that. I'm so playful.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know who Freud is right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that philosophy was we're supposed to create this blank slate. The psychologist psycho psycho therapist is supposed to stand behind the couch can even see the therapist, and then there's the just free association.
Gwenevere Abriel: Science has come a long way, we've got to actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Be looking at each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: silliness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, can you tell me just, you can just kind of let me know what other stressors are going on. Just, just kind of move through. Hey, my relationship with my mom, dad, Daniel sister yourself kind of walk me through some of those
Nicole Roybal: For nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: So the audio is covered with a pillow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have been pretty good. And we were talking about your mom right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah mom has been pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that better it is. Yeah. So you said you finished with school so you're not gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to be exposing yourself anymore. And there, but that doesn't mean. Were you making any money with your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so done.
Gwenevere Abriel: One more time.
Nicole Roybal: I bought me like a Roku TV for house right I'm at my mom's house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's
Gwenevere Abriel: What's
Gwenevere Abriel: What's a Roku
Nicole Roybal: amazon fire stick
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like cool shows
Nicole Roybal: I'd like to you, just like download like Hulu and Netflix and like all those apps to it and stuff and just watch all those
Nicole Roybal: Um, but yeah, just cuz my mom only has like normal, like basic TV.
Nicole Roybal: Like, not even cable.
Nicole Roybal: So yeah, I was like, I need something else I need my Netflix.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how his relationship with Dan
Nicole Roybal: Good. We haven't been me. I never really argue that much besides
Nicole Roybal: That one time in a while back that
Nicole Roybal: I don't know if you remember me telling you about that he was all talking crap to me about taking the pills. I take together content in the Suboxone
Gwenevere Abriel: What was his opinion about that.
Nicole Roybal: He thinks that I'm basically just as as me being on drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just but does he know that gabapentin. It's not a. It's not a movie. It's not a euphoric substance. It doesn't create euphoria.
Nicole Roybal: I know I've told him that
Nicole Roybal: It's helping me to get better. And yeah, he will. I mean, I hurt my feelings Lucy said you're just as bad as your sister Brenda
Nicole Roybal: She's the one. Yeah, you know. Yeah. So that really hurt my feelings and set me off. And I kind of like yelled at him. But this was like a couple weeks ago.
Nicole Roybal: I thought I had told you about that.
Nicole Roybal: I was not. Um, but yeah. So that really hurt my feelings and then the next day he apologized. Oh, and said he didn't mean it that he was just drunk. I was like, well, doesn't make it okay that you were just drunk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: So, but, and ever since then know we can find a good I go to work with him every Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Nicole Roybal: We don't go to school, we just go to, um,
Nicole Roybal: He cleans this like, but it's a U Haul place, but it's just like a
Nicole Roybal: Like a little call center team for them and we go clean it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you and Daniel. How's communication.
Nicole Roybal: actually really good. We're doing like really really good so far. I've been with him. Now, like I said, sometimes day and we haven't really been at all my just, you know, little tiny little green little tiny thing.
Nicole Roybal: Actually getting along, which has made me really happy.
Nicole Roybal: I've also been feeling really sick since I've been here.
Nicole Roybal: I've been taking care of me.
Nicole Roybal: And I'm going to ask you, so like right before I am we got on this meeting, I should my gabapentin my I take 600 in the morning and then the next two doses are 400
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Make it 1400
Nicole Roybal: And
Nicole Roybal: I threw up like 10 minutes later.
Nicole Roybal: So do you think I have to take it over again.
Nicole Roybal: Sheet or capsule. They don't really
Gwenevere Abriel: Eat and you can tell you pop those right back out of your stomach.
Nicole Roybal: I didn't see them, but like, it was just really like orange like to throw up so I thought maybe that was the gabapentin
Gwenevere Abriel: To these are not things on low. I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I knew what to tell you. I be struggling with the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so, so wait through up looked orange.
Gwenevere Abriel: Imma taking that that that stuff is kind of. That's what makes it makes it look orange.
Nicole Roybal: That's what I was thinking. Yeah, but my job is noise orange. It was this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to take it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long, how many minutes had passed that had been in your stomach.
Nicole Roybal: Like 1012 minutes
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Like I said to get like literally right before I signed in to talk to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm wondering if now, what is important. I know this is not your favorite topic but foods coming up again. I'm just wondering. So, for example,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not a breakfast eater, but I make myself, eat a piece of that, you know, the funny nutty toast that Fred was talking about the fancy ones with all the nut like green in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I stuck it in my face. And because I know when I take my multivitamin or fish. What else nonsense. I have to take. I know I'm getting an upset stomach, it's, it's the same as medicine for me stuff in there so that my stomach doesn't get nachos.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, you might need to have that piece of bread crackers in there so that it doesn't just have the stomach acid and the elephant in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm. That's what I'm doing.
Nicole Roybal: No. Yeah, that makes sense. No, but well done on those words to me as I drink like a whole water bottle.
Nicole Roybal: For that you will not like a whole lot, and like half of one and there was no water. It was all just like stomach acid and the pills. So I found that really odd that no, there was like no liquid. It was all just like acid.
Nicole Roybal: Hmm, and I drink the water bottle right before it like along with the gallon containers so I don't know why the hell.
Nicole Roybal: And I wouldn't have done that with my head wasn't spending.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have just not gotten truly stable, there's something going on. I really do. I think that there's still something just hasn't quite settled to because you don't come in here saying, oh, I had a normal day and
Gwenevere Abriel: Going about my business, my room. If your body continues to be in distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and you must be tired of that.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I can't get a break.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's kind of what I'm picking up on like each time. It's something just the knowledge. Just seems to be there quite a bit. Once we figured out okay together, repent. We need to take it easy on the taper.
Gwenevere Abriel: I still think we need to continue to investigate what's going on. That's what I'm thinking. And if you're open to it and we can rule out some things
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if we can get you feel like a normal person, why it always happens you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's find out. We just kind of figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm pretty sure, see what you're doing some pretty specific there for a while. Um, yeah, man.
Nicole Roybal: You're probably right eating habits.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: May really
Gwenevere Abriel: Have something to do with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what did you end up doing around taking care of your health care. So we had a little something.
Gwenevere Abriel: We had well wellness checkup on 2pm march 27 did you keep that appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh you cancel.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cancelled. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What she's thinking about what's going on there.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, remember what happened that day. I think I got sick again that game.
Nicole Roybal: My boy, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe you didn't cancel, maybe just didn't go
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, cuz I was gonna go but I wasn't feeling good. I can't remember why wasn't good.
Okay.
We could go, come on.
Nicole Roybal: I remember
Nicole Roybal: I remember seeing an appointment with my mom when you weren't feeling good.
Nicole Roybal: With that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell you what the 27th was 27th was a Friday.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I know.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, I'm kind of thing. If it was, if I had that feature happened to me. Not too long ago, or whatever. IT WAS HYPERVENTILATING. I don't know what the hell. It wasn't my hand picked up till June.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know if it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Remember, this has been going by so fast lately.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much sleep. Are you getting
Nicole Roybal: Normal
Gwenevere Abriel: How many hours.
Nicole Roybal: I go to bed around like 10 1030
Nicole Roybal: And then I've been like honestly like now. Well, the past few days I've been laying in bed all day. So I've been seeking to like 12 or one even sometimes just because I don't want to get out of bed because my head is hurting
Nicole Roybal: If I didn't know. My head hurts. Just as busy is just like spinning
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think you need to see somebody, but I mean, you know, we're in such a weird time right now. So I go there and
Gwenevere Abriel: come away with something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I hear you. Um, if you want you can lay the phone down. I'm going to run out for 60 seconds just sort of lay there and do some breathing just focus on on when we do this. Let me see if I can pull up something kind of positive here for you to focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, why don't you focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: Best Friend, Tiffany.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right as a nurturer really get into focusing on how she might see you as this strong and capable person knowing you can get through this. Knowing this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Some passing moment, it will not feel like this. You just just sort of we don't hide to run away from this experience, and then also the asshole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tony Stark.
Gwenevere Abriel: The wise figure also kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Really smart or Howie Mondale's then we get this sort of light hearted wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you
Gwenevere Abriel: This adult woman, this young woman that shares the qualities, much like with the therapist, when you share those qualities of a protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know caution and preparation just sort of sit with those you can put the phone down for a little bit and really just be with those qualities and I'll be right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You eat bread crackers.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: greasy food you're gonna get a soak up
Gwenevere Abriel: What bread. Well, that's why.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're not
Gwenevere Abriel: The most we're going to eat. It's like a piece of bread. We're not gonna eat a greasy food, so make sense.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Gotcha.
Nicole Roybal: Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: No bacon for you.
Nicole Roybal: I know. And I thought, eat your breakfast. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I may want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell you what do you think you could follow up with me or if it's more convenient touch base and in the virtual clinic. I'm not sure what's more convenient for you because I'd like to Dr. To connect with you or if not today then tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: You open to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm worried about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I bet it takes you from this phone number, though you could have this number one is done for
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so like forever or just temporary
Nicole Roybal: Probably temporary I just gotta get a new one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you want to text me now. So I have it.
Nicole Roybal: Here. Sounds like like a horn.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's my number five.
Nicole Roybal: Now I have your number to my phone still
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's
Nicole Roybal: Get to it because it's one it like transferred all my contacts to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the I'll Give me, give me a text from that number and then we'll have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does and I, I can hear from you, and you can update me if it's worsening. If you notice, trying to pay attention to a little to check to see if it gets better.
Gwenevere Abriel: With anything you do
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Well, like I thought it was like, I need to eat yesterday i did and i know i didn't exactly healthy, but I did eat.
Nicole Roybal: Good to have nothing.
Nicole Roybal: Before
Nicole Roybal: Yesterday, to do
Nicole Roybal: To help with like my hunger, but it was like my head. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I mean, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Tylenol headache. It's great for headaches.
Nicole Roybal: aspirins. Good. I don't have any. I don't think I have any pain relievers here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good for those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking any anti nausea.
Nicole Roybal: No, I think I might have a couple of the things you guys need me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Fran, I think it is.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Nicole Roybal: Our next appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to touch section, you just kind of keep me
Gwenevere Abriel: Aware of
Gwenevere Abriel: How today. We can create some time later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Training.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through may have a client.
Nicole Roybal: On
Gwenevere Abriel: April.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excuse me, April 2
Gwenevere Abriel: At
Gwenevere Abriel: 11am
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a Friday.
April 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just going to be sort of laying there for a little while I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just keep me in the loop.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, well, I'll take a bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Talk to you later. Bye bye.
Nicole Roybal: Bye. Have a good day.